>> Brian Holt: The basic jist here is I'm
going to give you an entire list of all
the top cities in the US.
Again, if you want to see those,
they are kept in this code pen.
And it is just a bunch of city names,
right?
Ordered, I believe in the 2012 census,
or something like that.
So New York was the top one, LA, Chicago.
And then if you get down here,
it's cities I've never heard of.
Actually Spanish Fork
is definitely in Utah.
I will not talk about it because people
from Spanish Fork might be watching.
>> Brian Holt: I can say that,
I'm from Utah.
Okay, so
what I'm gonna do here is you can see I'm
gonna ask you to create a tree, I'm gonna
give you CITY_NAMES, so the first one I
give you is just zero to ten so
you can start really, really simply.
And the nice thing is a lot of the San
cities are some of the bigger ones.
So San Antonio, San Diego and
San Jose are gonna actually be
the ones that it completes to.
>> Brian Holt: I am not judging you on
the order that you return them to me to.
So whatever order you return them to,
that's fine.
>> Brian Holt: That's why it's
doing this _.intersection thing,
is it's just making sure everything is
in there that it expects to be in there.
>> Brian Holt: Okay
>> Brian Holt: You don't have to use this
node data structure.
I just gave it to you because I
thought this would be a useful way for
you to get started.
>> Brian Holt: You'll almost certainly
need some sort of constructor.
I create the root node here for you.
This is going to be all
just a list of words.
And then at the endm you should
give me back the list of
three things that should go in there.
>> Brian Holt: So again, I'd suggest
working on one unit a test at a time, and
then from there,
kind of getting bigger and bigger.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, I'll give you
a bit of time to complete this, and
then we'll come back and
we'll talk about it.